ITemplate Java - Fill in text templates with variable content
(a.k.a. org.gjt.itemplate)

1. INTRODUCTION

This  library  was created  by  Itamar  Almeida  de Carvalho  and  was
inspired by Perl Text::Template module (see http://www.cpan.org).

The intention was  to provide a mean to work  confortably with HTML in
Servlets, having in separate files the  HTML design and the Java code.
I have started this in the beginning of my Java learning.  Probably it
can be optimized.

I  think  that reading  my  Makefile,  the  JavaDoc and  the  provided
example  you  can  understand  how  it works.  Any  doubt  send  me  a
message at  itamar@gjt.org and I will  try to explain and  improve the
documentation. I think the example could be more detailed.

My first language is not english, so  please if you find any errors in
my text, send me a message.

2. FUTURE

I have planned  an "advanced" mode, that is not  implemented yet. This
mode will at first let you use  "if" and "else" to make a substitution
or another in any point. It is  useful, but with a little work you can
do almost everything  without it, testing the conditions  in your Java
code and setting or not the values of the keys to be substituted.

Maybe more constructors can be made for convenience.

I think the messages in the  exceptions can be more detailed (like the
TokensDontMatchException  that  could  say  the line  of  the  opening
token).

If you have  any contributions or want  to help me, send  a message to
itamarc@gmail.com

3. LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2001 Itamar Carvalho <itamarc@gmail.com>

This library is  free software; you can redistribute  it and/or modify
it  under the  terms  of the  GNU Library  General  Public License  as
published by  the Free  Software Foundation; either  version 2  of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This  library is  distributed  in the  hope that  it  will be  useful,
but  WITHOUT  ANY  WARRANTY;  without even  the  implied  warranty  of
MERCHANTABILITY  or FITNESS  FOR  A PARTICULAR  PURPOSE.  See the  GNU
Library General Public License for more details.

You should  have received  a copy  of the  GNU Library  General Public
License along  with this library; if  not, write to the  Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place  - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307,
USA.

See the COPYING file located in  the "doc" directory of the archive of
this library for complete text of license.

--- End of README file ---

